## # Meeting Minutes

| Date                    | 2025-09-25                                                                                                                                                       |
| ----------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Attending Members       | Dash, Charles, Cassie, Kiran, Harley, Hannah, Abualhassan                                                                                                        |
| Agenda                  | Get to know everyone and set up socials/communication methods                                                                                                    |
| Description of Progress | Created Instagram group chat to communicate, created GitHub organisation to keep track of code progress and share code, created Google Doc to document meetings. |
<br>

---

<br>

| Date                    | 2025-10-01                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| ----------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Attending Members       | Abualhassan, Charles, Cassie, Dash, Kiran, Hannah                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| Agenda                  | Discuss team roles (individual strengths & weaknesses). Establish ground rules. Move/complete all documentation to GitHub to keep everything centralised. Plan some questions for interview with client. Go over assessment documentation and figure out what needs to be decided on.                                                                   |
| Description of Progress | Assigned roles, read all documentation, schedule and task list created, created GitHub organisation for collaboration, begin planning for interview. Roles:<br>Dash: Project Lead<br>Cassie: Librarian<br>Harley: Art Lead<br>Hannah: Secretary<br>Kiran: Report Editor<br>Abualhassan: Meeting Chair<br>Charles: Requirements Lead<br>Ben: Design Lead |

<details>
<summary> Summarised Meeting Transcript </summary>

- Minutes:
	- Abualhassan:
		- separation of coding vs QA vs unit testing writing
	- Charles:
		- roles designed more for meetings than actual practice
		- proposal of artist role
	- Cassie:
		- all documentation is on github now
		- volunteering for secretary
		- everyone programs
		- assets are provided
		- game should look good for mid assessment swapping with other people so it's attractive
	- Dash:
		- team roles should be fluid, so people can swap in and out of roles
		- we should make a list of roles:
			- secretary
				- notetaker
			- project leader/overseer
				- keeps things on track
			- meeting chair
				- make the agenda and keeps it 
			- report editor:
				- overseeing assessment deliverables
			- librarian:
				- keeper of documentation / overseer of version control
			- requirements leader:
				- works with client interview and handles that
			- art lead
				- handles all art things
			- design lead
				- oversees design and ensures it is followed
		- should we have one for programmer?
		- the game should look good
			- it's subconscious
		- copyright-free pixel art
	- Harley:
		- would prefer a reduced programming load
		- may be good at pixelart
	- ca: two roles because we ruled out programmer and artist
	- da: transfer out librarian role
		- propose art lead role
		- propose requirements leader
		- split out meeting chair from team leader/secretary
	- ca:
		- make art lead role for 7
		- all subject to change if necessary or desired
		- harley assigned as art lead
		- volunteer as librarian
	- da:
		- volunteer as project leader
	- ch:
		- volunteer requirements leader
	- ki:
		- volunteer report editor
	- han:
		- secretary
	- ab:
		- meeting chair
	- har:
		- art lead
	- ca:
		- found client email on vle
	- da:
		- sent email to konstantinos (our client)
	- ki:
		- go through brief before deciding on interview qs
	- ca:
		- non-defined things from spec:
			- aesthetic
			- difficulty levels
			- ask about "Run! The dean is coming!"
			- ki: 
				- suggestions of kinds of events
			- ask about the general tone
			- ask about specifics of blocking events
			- ask any questions anyone else has in the moment
			- any specific features not already mentioned
	- da:
		- research game engine, tools for map editors etc, licensed assets
		- interview slots next week
			- we should all go
	- ca:
		- invisible events are easter eggs
		- visible events are literally any interaction
	- da:
		- discussion of what counts as what kind of event
		- we should discuss the big document together
	- ca:
		- we give a presentation which people vote on if they want to take over
	- ha
		- use a simpler game engine so it's nicer
	- da:
		- need to research how to make our project attractive
		- contacting dept about missing 8th member
	- ca:
		- strongly discouraged from adding unjustifiable additional features
		- we should make a spec, which is requirement leader responsibility
	- da:
		- will help out with anyone whose workload is too large
	- ha:
		- avoid commercial software, nobody wants to spend money
	- ca:
		- all the different parts listed on the deliverables
	- ch + da: 
		- discussing risk assessment:
			- obscelence in libraries
			- security issues in libraries
			- dropouts
			- bugs with tools
			- spec issues
	- ca + ch:
		- HCIN review for the interview itself
		- discuss why we chose an interview in the report?
		- consent form
	- da:
		- we should ask to allow recording
	- ha:
		- we should discuss actual questions tomorrow
	- ca:
		- we should start out with a simple, versatile architecture and plan to evolve as we go
		- remember to document when we do!
		- research how to architect a program first
		- more things to research on collaboration tools etc
		- need to write up the plan once we have one
		- research risk assessments here
		- ask how ties are broken for selecting the project for part 2
	- da
		- research agile framework
		- can we modify their code and how much
		- we should implement helpful things for future teams
			- code comments + docstrings
	- ca:
		- credit will be given for evidence of research
		- i have a tool that helps with making a bibliography so if we all put links in there it will document itself
	- da:
		- we need to evaluate different options and document that
	- ca + da + ch:
		- we're all available this timeslot but if more than half can't make it we reschedule
		- charles has jury duty after consolidation week
			- put that on the risk list
	- ca:
		- librarian needs to make sure documentation + code are together and updated
		- we send email if we're unsure
		- keep wordcount to a minimum
	- da:
		- when creating documents for the reports we create the specific marking requirements and so on should be at the top for reference

</details>

<br>

---

<br>


| Date                    | 2025-10-02                                                |
| ----------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| Attending Members       | Abualhassan, Ben, Cassie, Dash, Kiran, Hannah, Harley     |
| Agenda                  | complete practical exercises, interview question creation |
| Description of Progress | completed the interview questions                         |

<br>

---

<br>

| Date                    | 2025-10-08                                                     |
| ----------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Attending Members       | Abualhassan, Ben, Charles, Cassie, Dash, Kiran, Hannah, Harley |
| Agenda                  | Interview, post-interview review                               |
| Description of Progress |                                                                |
- Agenda:
	- Interview Review
	- Decide on the architecture tools "structural and behavioural diagrams"
    - Inintial implementation of the architecture

- created interview transcript and summary
- created requirements file
- discussed requirements
- decided on theme

<br>

---

<br>

| Date                    | 2025-10-09                                                     |
| ----------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Attending Members       | Abualhassan, Ben, Charles, Cassie, Dash, Kiran, Hannah		   |
| Agenda                  | Assigning sections to each group member	                       |
| Description of Progress | Finishing To-do tasks, assigning sections, project created on github 				 | 

- Agenda:
	- Assigned sections to each group member.
	- Discussed agile and scrum framework.

	- Sections assigned:

		- Website: Abualhassan (3) 
		- Requirements: Dash, Charles (20)

		- Architecture: Hannah,Ben,Abualhassan(can jump in any other section) (22)

		- Method selection and planning: Cassie, Harley (10)

		- Risk assessment and mitigation: Kiran (10)

		- Implementation: (25) Not assigned yet, will be assigned after architecture section
		is finished.
<details>

<summary> Summarised Meeting Transcript </summary>


<p>
Discussion of agile and scrum framework, decided that we would speak to customer
during each group session so we can update him with what we're doing. Feedback will then be used in next session.

Agile and scrum framework was a bit too complicated so it's complexity is being broken down. e.g Daily scrum is being removed as it is not required for a project this size. Some things are being removed to make it less complicated for the next team that would take over this project

Sections have been assigned to each group member, since Abualhassan was assigned the website which was only worth 3 marks he is joining Hannah and ben in Architecture. He's allowed to jump into any section if others need help with their section

Cassie suggested to not assigned people to implementation until architecture is completed since architecture will using diagrams, UML, tools etc... This will help with developing the prototype of the game

Dash created 5 iterations for the next 5 weeks (Thur-Wed for each iteration). More information will be in the PROCESS.md doc.

Cassie: Make a prototype that we can all look at and understand so we know how the game engine LibGDX is like.

Dash: start programming by next week since we'll most likely have everything in place.

new project is created on github allowing us to create to-do list tasks. Ones that are in progress and implementation to-do tasks. Each group member can contribute in what task they want to do in the to-do list. Members would most likely do tasks in the section they've been assigned to.
</p>
</details>
<br>

---

<br>


| Date                    | 2025-10-15                                                     |
| ----------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Attending Members       | Abualhassan, Ben, Charles, Cassie, Dash, Kiran, Hannah		   |
| Agenda                  |  Discussion about design , what tasks has been completed       |
| Description of Progress |  Asset packs were discussed and chosen by whole group. Grouo members Dash, Benson and Harley will be in charge of designing the game. Others will focus on documentation. Discussion of what tasks have been completed/incompleted. New design tasks were added. Implentation will be started next week.				| 

<details>

<summary> Summarised Meeting Transcript </summary>

<p>
Discussion of what tasks has been completed/not completed:

Complete : initial requirements, website,risk assessment, LibGdx research, HCI usability notes
Incomplete: All implementation, design of map, presentation

Ben - LibGDX is now linked to the Github so everyone can collab on making the game.
Everyone can code but those who don't want to will be assigned something else in the project
Dash - suggested to start coding on it next week (so implemenation will start to be in progress)

Dicussion of the game assets that's going to be implemented in the game:

Ben - Asset lists uploaded on google drive. Group has now decided to use some assets in the list given. Assets chosen are: FantistyTileSet (main asset set) it has interior and exterior designs.Viking village and Tiny swords can be used a bit to see if it works well with the FantastyTileSet.  Castles are included so that can be used to design the buildings.
Cassie - Tile packs must be the same resoulution or the game will not look smooth. The pixel poem dungeon tile set was discarded due to it being an 8 bit resolution.

Some people will help with designing the map (Dash, Ben, Harley). This will be done in a call for an hour. The rest of the people in the group will help with documentation on why these assets were used, why the map is being designed this way and etc...



</p>

</details>

<br>

---

<br>

| Date                    | 2025-10-16                                                     |
| ----------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Attending Members       | Abualhassan, Ben, Charles, Cassie, Harley, Kiran, Hannah	   |
| Agenda                  | Building on from last meeting							       |
| Description of Progress | Everyone has been working on their assigned sections		   | 



<br>

---

<br>

| Date                    | 2025-10-22                                                     |
| ----------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Attending Members       | Abualhassan, Charles, Harley, Kiran, Hannah, Dash  		  	   |
| Agenda                  | Discussion about map design and implementation			       |
| Description of Progress | LibGDX research + how to setup	   | 


<details>

<summary> Summarised Meeting Transcript </summary>

<p>
Meeting should end short so we could research and learn more about libGDX and how to code with it for our game to start implementation for tomorrow. Members will be assigned what areas to code. Map design has been started by Harley, Dash and Ben but Dash emailed the customer and they said you can’t have a maze that makes you go into a different room so the map must be one whole page. Map will be tweaked to make it one page by tomorrow. 
</p>

</details>

<br>

---

<br>

| Date                    | 2025-10-23                                                     |
| ----------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Attending Members       | Abualhassan, Charles,Ben, Harley, Kiran, Hannah	  	   |
| Agenda                  | Assigning implementation areas to members							       |
| Description of Progress |   | 


<details>

<summary> Summarised Meeting Transcript </summary>

<p>

Customer response to Dash's email:
Don't need a complicated map just as long as you add the events. It's ok as you are just creating a basic prototype. You can have a few places you can go to to there are multiple areas you can gain access to but you don't need it to necessarily be an actual maze (like going to a new room) just as long as you can escape and have the required events needed. Very basic very simple map is only need. If map done correctly, then it's accessible and easier for the next team that wants to expand on it as the map will be simple.

You can block off some areas in the map. Just make it simple for the next team.

Assigned whos doing what for implementation:

Player movement: Cassie
Collisions: Abualhassan
Events: Ben
Timer & Event counter: Hannah
Documentation: Kiran

Others who have not been namedd will most likely do whatever is left for the game to meet the requirements for first assessment

Map of game (already assigned but just reminder): Ben,Harley,Dash




</p>
</details>
<<<<<<< HEAD

<br>

---

<br>

| Date                    | 2025-10-23                                                     |
| ----------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Attending Members       | Abualhassan, Charles, Harley, Kiran, Hannah, Dash  		  	   |
| Agenda                  | Assigning implementation areas to members							       |
| Description of Progress |   | 

<summary> Summarised Meeting Transcript </summary>

<p>

</p>


=======

<br>

---

<br>

| Date                    | 2025-11-05                                                  |
| ----------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Attending Members       | Charles, Ben, Kiran, Hannah, Dash, Abualhassan 		  	   |
| Agenda                  | Discussion about anything that needs to be finished off before deadline					       |
| Description of Progress | Members that have finished their areas will help on other areas that need to be finished  | 


<details>
<summary> Summarised Meeting Transcript </summary>

<p>
What needs to be finished off:

Requirements needs to be formatted and finished off.
Architecture class diagrams needs to be finished and some behavioural architectural processes
Method Selection and planning needs to be finished off.
Everyone has been assigned of what needs to be finished

Implementation : User interface: Dash, Ben,Abualhassan, Cassie, Charles
Dash will do map, user interface and animation for sprite.
Ben and Abualhassan will continue on doing events and implementing the dean
Charles will finish on other areas

Documentation: Hannah,Kiran, Harley, Cassie
Hannah will finish class diagrams in architecture. Kiran will help with the beahvioural processes in architecture
Harley and Cassie will finish off method planning
</p>
</details>
<br>

---

<br>


| Date                    | 2025-11-19                                                  |
| ----------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Attending Members       | Charles, Kiran, Hannah,Harley  		  	   |
| Agenda                  | Discussion about what game is going to be chosen for assessment 2			       |
| Description of Progress | Game will be chosen today so we can get started on assessment 2  | 


<details>
<summary> Summarised Meeting Transcript </summary>

<p>
We're currently deciding between group 3,6,7,8

We have dicussed this using a google doc and it is currently ordered as
Overall thoughts - kiran, hannah, charles, harley
Group 7
Group 6
Group 8
Group 3

Consider:
Group 3 - said in method and planning ‘quality of their code structure wasn’t high’
Group 6 - minimal explanations in architecture/too many class diagrams - similar game to our gameplay
Group 7 - last diagram in architecture is complicated - similar to group 6 (one screen)
Group 8 - requirements not as well defined - map quite large (more time on implementation)

</p>

</details>

<br>

---

<br>

| Date                    | 2025-11-20                                                  |
| ----------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Attending Members       | Charles, Kiran, Hannah,Harley  		  	   |
| Agenda                  | Having a game plan, assinging areas to each member for assessment 2			       |
| Description of Progress | Finding bugs in the game we chose, what needs to be changed and what new events can be added. We will also be assigning an area to each member so make sure all marks are distributed well  | 



<details>
<summary> Summarised Meeting Transcript </summary>

<p>
Created a google doc to discuss our game plan on what needs to be added, changed or fixed. We also will be assigning areas to members to the group doc

Assigned areas are:

Website (3) - Abualhassan
Change Report (23) - Kiran,Hannah
Implementation (23) - Ben, Charles
Software Testing Report (18) - Dash, Abualhassan
User Evaluation (10) - Harley
Continuous Integration (8) - Cassie

Any changes to the roles will be documented but everyone should be working in their assigned areas. 


</p>

</details>

<br>

---

<br>

| Date                    | 2025-11-26                                                  |
| ----------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Attending Members       | Charles, Kiran, Hannah  		  	   |
| Agenda                  | Discussion of what to fix about team 7's project		       |
| Description of Progress | Tiled map is more clean now and doesn't have any messy layers, Software tested has been written up a bit| 



<details>
<summary> Summarised Meeting Transcript </summary>

<p>
Software testing has been written up by Dash the past week (not all of it) on what things to test and how to test it so people on implementation can get an idea on how to test certain code. Change report has been looked at to see what deliverables needs to be updated or added. Tiled map is no longer just a mess of layers but all structured well, which was done by Charles
</p>


</details>
<br>

---

<br>

| Date                    | 2025-11-26                                                  |
| ----------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Attending Members       | Charles, Abualhassan, Hannah, Cassie, Dash   		  	   |
| Agenda                  | Update on everyone's progress in the assessment 2 areas		       |
| Description of Progress |Implementation  | 

<details>
<summary> Summarised Meeting Transcript </summary>

<p>
- Change report:(Hannah and Kiran) Bullet points of areas that need to be updated/changed/added are added for the architecture and m&p, method and planning changes will get started on this week. Changes listed from the implementation "changes made.doc" will be added to the change report on what code has been changed from the game we inherited.

- Implementation:(Ben and Charles) Changes have been made,added a naming screen to name a character, fixed small bugs/unnecessary things in the game - all of this has been recorded in the "Changes made.doc" so people on change report (hannah and kiran) will be able to easily insert what changes have been added for the first section of change report.New events will be added soon, 

- Software testing:(Dash and Abualhassan) Dash has been researching many testing methods which are/aren't suitable for our game and why that will be used for software and wanted to discuss with the team to see which are the best testing methods that we all agree on. Testing methods include: headless, integration, UI, asset validation and etc...

- Continuous integration:(Cassie) Research has been done reccomended to those on implementation (Charles and Ben) to use a plugin that uses a google style guide documentation for Java, to keep everything structured. Reccomended to Dash,Abualhassan who is on Software testingto make sure testing is done in one day and to merge branches as soon as possible once finished with today's testing (same applies to implementation team who are just working on the game to merge branches as soon as possible) to prevent any bugs that could possibly break the game to make sure the game runs smoothly and clean.

- User Evaluation:(Harley) Nothing yet as it is more towards the end.

- Website:(Abualhassan) More towards end. All deliverables will be added at end.
</p>

</details>